our window to stop the climate crisis is
closing fast
but friends of the earth are on it
protecting our natural world and the
well-being
of everyone in it and it's thanks to you
the players of the people's postcode
lottery who have already raised over 10
million pounds that friends of the earth
has achieved so much
like preserving our ecosystems and
keeping wildlife thriving from beavers
to bees
they've lobbied councils to double
woodland cover and supported communities
to plant trees
changed hearts and minds on plastic
pollution empowered the next generation
to take meaningful action
and supported schools to run on sun as
the greener energy solution
people power does make a difference and
players money has supported seemingly
impossible battles to gain traction it's
meant support for local communities to
put an end to fracking
after eight years of action campaigning
that convinced 110 mps to sign the
climate pledge
and commit to a future green and fair
and lobbying that led to
groundbreaking legislation in scotland
on climate action and a strategy
for cleaner air but it doesn't stop
there
with players ongoing support over 200
new friends of the earth climate action
groups
have sprung up in the past year driving
change
every day
we can see a brighter future and we're
building it
[Music]
together
you